so what are we done so far
carburetor pulleys clean clean we got to
do blades next yeah could you lift up
the mower for me for a second I want to
just show something a little funny here
I just ripped my goddamn pants on the
stupid freakin haulin that I don't like
all right
now hold it with one hand and spin that
wheel as well no the one up the other
one no just spin the wheel nice people
need to maintain their machines use a
grease gun for God's sake that sounds
like a do it
if I ever heard one
he's a new muffler too
yeah chunk it needs a new exhaust valve
real bad so in a muffler and then a no I
mean I didn't take that what am I
talking about this is going to be an
expensive job unfortunately but it needs
a lot of work it's old mower you know
take care of your equipment
all right so uh um me jet and Wolfie
took this engine apart here and we were
taking the valves all right I took out
the intake valve John took out the
exhaust valve and I was just cleaning
this that's not good so uh I think this
engine is pretty much junk so you know
why you know why do you need something
tonight yeah because you broke it
already but realistically it over needed
yeah cuz there's no in there
where'd that other valve oh oh it's
pretty bird
gooded so well that kind of stinks
because I sharpen the blades change the
oil change the filter did all the
maintenance to it and now ran into this
after I clean the carburetor and found
out that the hunt wasn't the carburetor
it was the valves of the intake valve so
so I'm gonna have to call a guy and tell
them that the engines junk which kind of
sucks but like oh yeah
mike has one so that should be good but
we will see what he wants to do this
thing's old as hell on them the rims and
wheels are junk and whatever it is yeah
it's worth a Dixon is I mean you know I
don't mean that's just an ego fair yeah
yeah junk
rustics balance
yeah we have to call my mom whatever I
really really wish people would stop
bringing me to strokes what the hell who
did this